[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>REGINA MEREDITH:
Welcome, Jerry.
>>JERRY WILLS: Thank you.
>>REGINA: I've been hoping to
meet you for the last 30 years,
since I first heard about
you through a person
in the triangle that
we know in common.
And the interesting
thing, this person
who is quite intuitive in their
own right, called me and said,
I met-- at her book
signing-- said,
I met this man named Jerry
Wills, and he's not from here.
He's from somewhere else.
And that was the first
time I'd heard her
say that about another person.
So now here we are, and we're
going to find out the scoop.
>>WILLS: Certainly.
What would you like to know?
>>REGINA: OK, I want to
start from the beginning.
>>WILLS: All right.
>>REGINA: So, your appearance
here on Earth was an odd one.
And your birth certificate
says Fort Knox on it,
which is kind of an
interesting certificate.
It's not something you
would see normally.
So we have plenty
of time to chat.
We have two hours.
I would love for you to just
tell us about the beginning,
including as a baby,
even your perceptions.
>>WILLS: Well, you know,
it's so many years ago now.
But I still have the memories
and I revisit them frequently,
because I keep trying to make
sense of some of the things
that I remember that I don't
really have any context
to gauge it from.
One of the things that
I've always talked about
is remembering that there were
two moons in the night sky,
and that I could
see those two moons.
And this is one of my
first memories of life.
And I don't know
where that comes from,
but that's what I recall.
I also recall a
woman who was singing
to me in a language that,
at the time was familiar,
but I don't have any
familiarity with it now.
I can't even recall
the details of it.
It was just a strange
language-- something
beautiful and now foreign.
And then, past that
point, I remember
being in a place that
was cold and dark.
And then bright lights,
the sound of people.
And then it's
about all I recall.
>>REGINA: When you were a baby?
>>WILLS: Yeah, I was a baby.
>>REGINA: And you
are found-- where
did they actually find you?
>>WILLS: Well, I don't
remember firsthand.
I'm told what happened.
And I'm trying to
look into this,
because I want it to be
as honest and detailed
as possible, for my own sake.
If I talk about it, I want it
to be as honest and detailed
for the sake of others, as well.
And what I'm told is that
the Army Air Corps, because
at the time there
was no Air Force,
they came to retrieve
me out of an abandoned
house-- like an old farmhouse
in the middle of nowhere,
somewhere in Kentucky.
>>REGINA: How had
they been alerted?
>>WILLS: Well, that's
the strange thing,
because apparently
they had been.
But there was some project.
There's this really,
really old fellow
I met at a MUFON meeting.
He was dressed in
his soldier regalia,
and just-- he very old.
And he wanted to
come and see me,
because of what I was
going to be talking
about-- a little bit about
what we're talking about today,
not in as great of detail as
you and I are going to go into.
And he said, well, I just wanted
to meet you shake your hand.
You're one of those
children, aren't you?
And I said, I don't know.
He says, well, there
was this project.
And he called it
Project Red Light.
Whether that's real
or not, I don't know.
But he says, well--
and we were told
that they were going
to be dropped off
in different places.
And well, it just so happens
you were dropped off where
I was at, there in Fort Knox.
I came and picked
you up, and you
were about-- you
were just about dead,
you were so cold and frozen.
And we take you back
to the hospital,
and then that's the
last we ever saw of you.
And everybody was wondering,
well, why in the world would
they drop off a baby in
the middle of nowhere,
that it took us hours
to get to this place.
And--
>>REGINA: So were-- you
don't know who alerted them?
I mean, that's still--
>>WILLS: Well, no.
>>REGINA: --unknown at his time?
>>WILLS: Apparently there was
some-- I'm saying apparently,
because I really don't know--
>>REGINA: Right.
>>WILLS: --these things
I've heard, that there
was some plan that was enacted.
And within some framework
of the government's here,
there was this knowing
that these children were
going to be dropped off
in different places.
I wasn't the only one.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>WILLS: And that they
would get this message.
OK, it's at this
point that we go.
Well, I think in my case
they had a 12-hour solve.
>>REGINA: I see.
And so you were really cold.
Oh.
>>WILLS: Yeah.
>>REGINA: How old were you?
Were you a newborn?
Or a little older?
>>WILLS: Well, I think
I was a little older.
I wasn't newborn at all.
But I don't know how old I was.
When you take a look at
the birth certificate,
there's very significant
details missing
from that birth certificate.
>>REGINA: Such as?
>>WILLS: Well, I've
looked-- I have children.
And I've looked at
their birth certificate,
and I have friends, and
I've looked at theirs.
And they have little
handprints, and footprints,
and details-- mother, father,
occupation, all these things--
there are details that
are missing off of mine.
All of these details
There's hardly anything there.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>WILLS: So why would that be?
>>REGINA: Why would that be.
So once you were taken in at
Fort Knox, what do you hear?
I mean, if you have
glimpses of memory, what
happened to you from there?
>>WILLS: I don't have
glimpses of memory, really.
The next thing I remember
is about two years old.
I don't know how long
a remained there.
I don't remember
much about it at all.
I really--
>>REGINA: And then after two,
I assume you were adopted out
to a family?
>>WILLS: Right.
I was adopted out
to a guy who was
in the services and his wife.
She was from the same area,
from around Fort Knox,
and he was from Nebraska.
And the first memories
I have surfacing in
at around two years old or so,
and it's in Denver, Colorado.
Apparently, after I
came into their lives,
he was out of the service, and
a government job was given.
And they went to Denver, and he
was working for the government
there.
So that's where it all kind
of picks up for me again.
>>REGINA: So your parents
were obviously in the loop.
I mean, this wasn't random.
The selection of
parents was not random.
>>WILLS: That's true.
There's something very,
very strange about it all.
I have two sisters.
And their concern is
now, because we've
discovered that our "mother"
couldn't have children.
>>REGINA: So how did your
sisters appear on the scene?
>>WILLS: Nobody knows.
>>REGINA: They don't know?
>>WILLS: Nuh-uh
>>REGINA: They have
no knowledge of that?
>>WILLS: No, because
everything was provided
to make it look as though
they were legitimately
born to her, our mother.
Their birth certificates
are intact, completely.
I mean, their story
is nothing like mine.
You see, what we found out
is that when our mother was
a young girl, she was playing
with her sisters with radium--
it was used in rat poison.
And they thought it was really
funny to put it on themselves
in different places, including
to make their teeth glow.
They were all sterilized.
None of them could
have children.
So that's why we know that
it wasn't our mother who
was really our mother.
>>REGINA: OK so-- all right.
And your dad, obviously
in the military,
so this was contracted
that you would be
raised by specific individuals?
>>WILLS: He was also involved
in masonry, as a mason.
I don't know what
his involvement was.
He died when I was 7.
But on several occasions,
two really strange things
happened that I still
remember quite vividly.
One of them had to do
with going to Florida
and visiting my Uncle Sam.
And we would go
to Daytona Beach,
would drive over there
from Denver-- at least
I remember, the best I
can, we drove over there.
Anyway, my Uncle
Sam would show up.
This was before the
sisters, of course,
because that was the
second marriage later.
But he would show up
in this big black car.
It was just huge.
And my dad and I
would get in the car,
and we'd take off driving,
and we'd drive for a ways.
And we'd get into this area
that was like the Everglades.
It was just, like, swamplands,
and it was exciting.
And the whole time, stories
would be talking back and forth
in front seat.
I never knew what they
were talking about,
because I was looking
out the window, watching
for alligators and things.
And then we'd stop.
Down this dirt road,
Uncle Sam would get out,
he'd go and lock a gate,
come back, driver us through,
get back, lock the gate,
drive on some more.
It was like, a sandy
road, it wasn't dirt.
Till we finally
get to this place
that was almost like the edge
of a pond, but there's no pond.
It was just a big water area.
We get into a boat.
And now we're on this boat with
this boat motor, putting along.
And I'd done this before.
So the first time
I was really young,
and I wasn't paying
too much attention.
This was, like,
six years old now,
so I was paying
attention and excited.
We go to this place, into
these trees, and we stop.
And I'm told, don't
lean over the boat.
There's alligators out there
and snakes are in the trees.
So I'm just like, whoa.
All of a sudden,
this man raises up
out of the leaves and the
brush, and he has it all over,
like it's his costume.
And they holler at each other.
He has a rifle-- like a gun.
And he reaches up, starts
pulling this thing.
And this looks like a bunch
of weeds, just pulls back.
And we go under it, and
it's dripping on us.
And we get on through there,
and he's putting it back down.
Go a little farther,
and there was a clearing
where we pulled the boat into.
And there are the
guys-- these guys
in, what I would
call hazmat suits.
Now, at the time, they were just
dressed up weird, head to toe--
the little windows or
faces are in there.
>>REGINA: Who was the
hazardous material?
>>WILLS: Me.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>WILLS: Well, the soldiers
weren't dressed like that,
the guys with the rifles.
And this one guy always
came out with a doctor,
and always-- I mean, I remember
three instances of this,
so-- he would come
with the doctor,
hand me a stick of
Juicy Fruit gum.
And I'd go off with
the doctor, and I
don't remember getting
into anywhere or anything
that happened afterwards.
I would wake up every morning.
I'm back in the hotel.
We're going to go to the beach.
>>REGINA: Wow.
How odd.
How odd that they
allowed your memory
to even be cognizant of
going into the experience.
>>WILLS: Well, they just
said that I-- cause I asked,
what happened?
Well, you just got tired.
And so, after you
chewed your gum,
you said you wanted to sleep.
So we had business, so
we just let you go ahead
and have a nap.
And you slept all the way home.
>>REGINA: So would you
assume that they were just
trying to see how
your vitals and how
your body was developing here?
>>WILLS: Yeah, because the
people in the hazmat suits,
I don't think they were
the same as regular people.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>WILLS: There was something
different about them.
They never talked, and
you couldn't really
see their faces.
They were tall,
like people were.
I mean--
>>REGINA: Well,
you're very tall.
>>WILLS: Yeah.
>>REGINA: You're, what,
6' 8" or something?
>>WILLS: Yeah, 6' 9".
>>REGINA: 6' 9", right.
>>WILLS: But I wasn't
then, of course.
>>REGINA: No, of course.
>>WILLS: I was
just a little guy.
>>REGINA: I'm just pointing
out, you're from a tribe of--
>>WILLS: But everybody was tall.
>>REGINA: --very tall beings.
Yes.
>>WILLS: And these
guys were tall.
And maybe they were in hazmat
suits because it was buggy,
and they didn't want
to get bit by anything.
Who knows.
>>REGINA: Mhm.
OK, so these are-- so
you're starting to-- you're
not really putting any
pieces together just yet.
You're just having
weird experiences.
But--
>>WILLS: Yeah.
>>REGINA: --you
were visited by--
>>WILLS: I was.
>>REGINA:
--extraterrestrial beings.
>>WILLS: It was about same time,
about five or six years old,
there was an incident where I
came in contact with something
very strange.
That at the time, it
was, like, frightening,
and then it was, like, fun.
And what had happened is that
I had one of the childhood
diseases-- I don't know if
it was mumps, or measles,
or what it was.
But I remember I had a
really high temperature,
and I wasn't feeling well.
And normally I
wouldn't get sick,
but this was really
making me ill.
I was sleeping on the couch that
pulls out and makes into a bed,
and that was in the living room.
And my toys, one of them
was a record player,
with "The Cat and
the Fiddle" record.
A lot of kids had those things.
My parents were in the
bedroom at the other end
of the house we lived in.
And I remember not
feeling well at all.
And suddenly that record player
started up, and I woke up.
And there were
these four or five
white-- they're not really
tall, but they were tall enough.
Now I would say
they're not the grays,
but they're the big
bluish white ones.
>>REGINA: They're
called the Tall Whites--
>>WILLS: Yeah.
>>REGINA: --I think
in these circles.
>>WILLS: Maybe so.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>WILLS: But they were
there, and they were
coming to make me feel better.
So here I'm watching
this, like this cartoon--
"The Cat and the Fiddle," and
all these things-- and I'm
really distracted while
they're there touching,
and little stick
things touching onto me
and making little
noises back and forth.
And all this is going on,
and finally the whole thing
is ended.
And it's like, look
at me, go, "sleep."
And I slept.
I woke up the next
morning, and I was
like, I had this great dream.
It was so amazing.
And I wanted to play that
record over and over again.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>WILLS: But it wasn't a dream.
>>REGINA: No.
>>WILLS: And the
little red spots,
where they touched me with
the stick in different places,
those were itchy.
So whatever it was
I had, they were
very interested in
how I was managing.
And maybe I wasn't
managing it very well,
and they showed up to do that.
There were people,
periodically, who
showed up at our house, who
were dressed in uniforms.
Like if you watched
a movie and saw
a General, and all the regalia,
and the hat, and the whole bit.
And they were telling
me, oh, well you're
going to be in the
Air Force Academy,
and you're going
to be an officer,
to this and this,
and we have big plans for you.
And back when I
was six years old,
my father took me to
a place in Denver.
I don't know where
this place is.
We were living in Denver.
And we took an elevator down.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
I was going to ask you, was
it above or underground.
>>WILLS: It was underground.
It was like a huge
movie theater.
And all these people, out
there in the darkness-- and I
was really nervous
about it-- they
made me put on this outfit
that was like a one piece--
well, now I'd call
it a Lycra suit,
because we have things like
that we're familiar with.
At the time, I didn't
know what Lycra was.
It was like a one-piece thing
that was very form-fitting.
And all these people were
just congratulating my father
and talking to him.
And this was backstage.
And then I walked
out-- I was told
to walk out onto the stage,
and to say these words.
And I don't remember
what the words were,
but I was six years old.
It was 55 years ago.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>WILLS: But I did, and the
whole place just was clapping.
It was like, oh, it was so good!
Yay!
You know?
>>REGINA: Wow.
>>WILLS: And so, I felt
real good about it,
like I'd done well.
So I got a stick
a Juicy Fruit gum.
>>REGINA: Mhm.
They knew your passion.
>>WILLS: They did.
Actually it's pretty good.
But what that was all
about, I haven't got a clue.
It was the strangest thing
when you think back on it.
Why?
Why did I have to
dress in this thing?
And what was it I said
that made them so excited?
And all these people
came up in long lines
to come by and kneel
down, and shake my hand,
and pat me on the
shoulder, and say things.
We're real proud of you, son,
we're glad that you're here.
You know?
>>REGINA: So as time
went on-- first of all,
I wanted to ask you something
about the Tall Whites.
What was their countenance like?
I mean--
>>WILLS: They were like,
rather indifferent.
And it really follows suit with
my experiences later in life
with them.
>>REGINA: Mhm.
>>WILLS: They've
shown up a few times.
And it's like-- almost like
dealing with Spock in "Star
Trek"-- very to the point,
no jokes, no goofing around,
and not really any sound, just
funny clicking noises and such.
But they were very powerful.
You could hear
them in your head.
>>REGINA: Mhm.
>>WILLS: And that's how I always
heard them when I was younger
and in years on
farther down the road.
>>REGINA: Very different
than the Little Grays.
>>WILLS: Yeah.
Well, the Grays are much
more malicious-- much more,
they are malicious.
I don't know that
those blue-white beings
are malicious at all.
I never got that
impression from them.
>>REGINA: But you
did encounter Grays?
>>WILLS: Oh, yeah.
>>REGINA: And so, what
was that experience
like considering
you-- we're going
to get to the point of where
you came from and after this.
>>WILLS: Mhm.
Well, when I
encountered the Grays,
it was much later in life.
And it was because
I was interfering.
>>REGINA: Interfering with what?
>>WILLS: With what they
were doing to people.
>>REGINA: I see.
>>WILLS: Yeah.
There are things going
on that I found out
about that I wasn't
too keen to know.
And because you know
something's wrong,
then either you take action
against it or you don't.
And if you don't, then
you're in agreement with it
if you know what's going on.
I couldn't be in agreement
with it, so I took a stand.
>>REGINA: Were these
some of the things
that people in this community
would already know about?
Or do care to just
give two or three
examples of what they were
up to that you objected to?
>>WILLS: Well, I'm sure the
people in this community
would know something
about these things,
but maybe not know
the details I know
unless they heard me talk
at some-- cup of coffee
in casual setting.
It's not the things I
really talk about too much,
because it scares people, and
I don't like scaring people.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>WILLS: But I
will tell you this.
What are these little
gray guys are doing--
and they're not
working alone-- they're
harvesting people and
things from this world.
You've heard people
that said, oh, well,
I got pregnant
and then I wasn't.
>>REGINA: Right.
I've interviewed a person
or two that-- yeah.
>>WILLS: And you know,
cattle mutilations,
and things like this,
well, what you don't know,
is there are a lot of people
who are just flat out missing.
People just vanish.
And you hear stories
about oh, well, we're
having these gray guys
show up, and they're
doing this and taking samples.
And they seem to be
following family lineages.
And a lot of folks are trying
to figure out why that is.
Well, it's because they
are populating other worlds
with the people
they take from here.
And there are certain
genetic traits
that they have
tagged into people,
or tracked into people-- tracked
into them, tracked of them,
I should say more
appropriately--
and they're following
family lines.
And this woman has
exactly what we need,
but we don't need it yet.
Her daughter, probably not.
Her daughter's son
does, and that child,
as a result has what we're
looking for, we can harvest.
All we have to do is
get this gal pregnant,
and we can take what we need.
And you hear people talk about,
oh, I saw my hybrid baby.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>WILLS: That's
what's happening.
No, I'm sorry, you can't
take it home with you,
because it can't live on Earth.
They've modified it to
the point to where it
can live on this other world.
And these people on this other
world look at these beings
as though they're god.
They don't know any different.
They present themselves as gods.
They can go into your mind.
They can make you
see whatever it
is you want to see-- anything
that they want you to see,
they will.
>>REGINA: Yes.
Known to be highly telepathic in
their abilities with telepathy.
>>WILLS: They create
hallucinations,
walking hallucinations.
They become gods to
these people that
have been taken to these other
worlds, out among the stars,
and these people don't
know any different.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>WILLS: So they live in
a type of enslavement.
And who knows whether they'll
ever get out of it or not.
>>REGINA: OK.
Now, let's go to
where you came from.
Because you now know
where you were from.
>>WILLS: I do in a way.
I mean, how sure could I be?
>>REGINA: Right.
>>WILLS: But as sure, for
myself, that I could be,
let's say.
>>REGINA: So you're
from this other place,
and there are a lot of
human characteristics.
So let's talk about that.
>>WILLS: Oh, there are
people like ourselves
all among the stars.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>WILLS: The Earth is
not unique in having
people who look like us.
And yeah, I come from
this other place.
That's what I was told.
And I wasn't told this by
government officials or people
from this world.
I was told by the people who
came here when I was younger,
because they wanted
to show me things,
they want me to be
well-versed in life here.
Because the whole
idea was, instead
of them interfering with
progress of this world--
and they'd already
tried that in ages past,
to try and maneuver
or suggest, probably
even manipulate in some ways, a
direction for social thinking.
And instead of doing that,
because it didn't work,
what they were trying
to do this time
was to take representatives
from these other elements
where humankind exist, and bring
them here with things intact so
that they could be a
part of this world,
and to have a right
to say something.
Because they grew up here, live
here, this is our neighborhood,
and we don't like
what's happening,
so we can say
something about it,
and we can do it with impunity.
And if people listened,
fine, if they don't, fine.
But it isn't the
extraterrestrials
who are coming
down saying, you've
really screwed up your planet.
Look, you need to do
something different.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
They say to you, these
little guys, you're of this.
>>WILLS: Right.
But we also came in with
certain talents and abilities.
I wasn't the only one.
There are a lot of
others out there as well.
So our goal was to just
point in a direction.
Say, you know,
there's another way.
But in order for
us to do that, we
needed to have some
background beyond what we
brought with us in our memories
that were at least somewhat
intact.
And in order to do that,
they showed up for me,
and they started giving
pieces of information.
And it went on for
a number of years--
little bits of this,
little bits of that.
We all have our little abilities
or things that we're good at.
Some people are great with
chemistry and rocket science,
and others are good at
sociology and psychology.
Mine happened to be in
electronics and understanding
the fabric of space, the nature
of this, and being able to see.
We all came in with
the ability to see,
see beyond just normal sight.
A lot of folks call
that being psychic.
It's just normal out there.
It's just, woo,
it's special here.
Churches didn't want
us to have that.
>>REGINA: No.
We're going to get to the
churchiness part of it
in a little bit here.
>>WILLS: Woo.
>>REGINA: Which I find
absolutely hysterical,
actually.
What about the
emotional structure
of the beings from where you're
from, and then integrating here
with the highly-reactive
emotional field
of this species?
>>WILLS: Oh, that is quite
the story in itself, isn't it?
>>REGINA: It is.
That's what I'm asking,
because you're unflappable.
I mean, anyone who's met
you feels that you're
basically unflappable.
You don't seem to react in
the normal emotional ways
that most people do.
>>WILLS: Well, when
you take a look
and consider the emotional
structure of the people who
are out there, they see
themselves much differently
than the people here do.
And what I mean
by that is a level
of being centered and present,
being aware, and being
at peace.
If you have these, then you
have a level of confidence
that you can exist from.
Successful living requires
living confidently.
Confidently means you're
aware, you're present,
you're at peace, you're
thinking, breathing.
But these other gifts
that are present,
these psychic
abilities, expand far
beyond the surface of your body,
and you're tap into that too.
So before you ever meet someone,
you can tell what's going
on with them, whether you
like them or you don't.
And believe me, there are
extraterrestrials that I've
met, didn't
particularly care for.
>>REGINA: That look like we do?
>>WILLS: That look like we do.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>WILLS: So having
those senses in place
just means that you're living
a very enriched state of being
that's fed by
everything around you.
And the reason why it
works like that, for them,
is because that
is their religion.
If you were--
>>REGINA: That balance.
>>WILLS: It is.
It's not like we have religions
here where, oh, I'm a this
or I'm a that.
Religions here require that
you join the exclusive club,
and then you can be whatever
the religion says you might be.
Out there, religion
is being present
and realizing that if you're
going to look for god,
you need to look in a mirror.
Because wherever
you go to find god
is secondary to looking
within yourself,
because god lives here first.
And everywhere
else, you can then
see the presence of the
divine-- including other people.
And it's in that philosophy that
finding the divine in others
allows you to celebrate life
within yourself, because you
see it in everyone else
and everything else,
whether it's a chair or a tree.
And the planet-- and you
start caring about things
much differently when
you do things like that.
But when you're involved
with organized religion,
you have a much different
state of affairs
and different operating dynamic.
So.
>>REGINA: Yes.
OK.
Now, let's just
talk about, then,
the fabric of dealing with all
of the very highly-intensified
emotions of this planet for you,
as a different kind of being.
How has that worked?
>>WILLS: It
certainly rattles me.
Because the emotions
here are basically
a part of-- well I mean,
everyone here I know has it.
And I've tried to have a lot
of it too, because I'm here.
You know, give me a cigarette
and a cup of coffee,
I'm going to be an Earth person.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>WILLS: But these
heightened emotions,
they serve a person's
state of being,
because it allows
your ego to be fed,
it allows your
intellect to erase,
it gets the heartbeat
up, or it gives you
a lot of fear-- either way
your heartbeat goes up.
And how do you deal
with the people here?
Well, you live within
it so you understand it.
And then you get beyond it
so that you can survive it.
I've met several
extraterrestrials.
And they can't handle
it for very long,
because they didn't
grow up here.
And I tell them, this
is the sort of thing
that you have to
have been born here
in order to be able
to cope with this,
because otherwise,
it'll make you nuts.
And this one fellow, Rich,
says I don't understand how
you can take it for so long.
And I said, it's why I smoke.
>>REGINA: What's smoking do?
As a non-smoker, what
does that do for you
in terms of managing
the emotions of this?
>>WILLS: It makes me happy.
>>REGINA: There you go.
>>WILLS: I know that's
a very ambiguous answer.
>>REGINA: No.
But that's good enough.
OK, so what I wanted to get
to-- because you were talking
about religion a moment ago--
is now, through your childhood,
you're given information.
>>WILLS: Mhm.
>>REGINA: You can see.
>>REGINA: You also have
quite a bit of energy that's
at your disposal to work with.
>>WILLS: Mhm.
>>REGINA: And healing is
part of that energy, right?
>>WILLS: Yeah, it is.
>>REGINA: OK.
So all this is
available to you, all
under the spectrum of
electricity, energy,
and so forth.
>>WILLS: Right.
>>REGINA: So let's
fast forward a bit,
unless there's some
critical piece in there
that you want to tell us
about, to the time when you're
a teenager, and now you have a
friend or a girlfriend who has
invited you into the church.
>>WILLS: Oh.
Well, there really wasn't--
>>REGINA: The church study
group or whatever it was.
>>WILLS: This is past
the point of-- well,
I guess it's late teens,
probably, around 18, 19.
It was my cousin and she was--
>>REGINA: Oh, not a girlfriend.
So you're in the Bible
Belt in Kentucky.
>>WILLS: Mhm.
>>REGINA: And your cousin
is involved with a religion.
>>WILLS: It's
called a Lighthouse.
It's an evangelist
group, and it was
designed to bring the children--
bring kids our group age in,
teens to early 20s-- and instead
of the devil weed-- smoking
pot-- and drinking, find god.
And my cousin was,
like-- she was real doer.
She was doing things
I would never do.
So one day I met her, and she
was all blissful and happy
and hm-hm-hm.
And I'm like, what
happened to you?
Oh, I found god, and
I'm very happy now.
Really?
Well, where is this at?
So she told me, and I wanted
to find out what it was.
Because she's talking about,
oh, they're talking in tongues,
and they're doing
miracles and healings.
And that keyed me in.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>WILLS: Because I'd already
been working on animals.
And there had been
a couple of people,
but it scared most
folks, so I didn't do it.
There was no way of explaining
what I do to people.
There was no vocabulary for it,
and suddenly here was a place,
maybe there was.
So I went, and they had a
volleyball game going on.
>>REGINA: That's not fair
with you on anybody's team.
You just stand at the net.
>>WILLS: Yeah.
So I was having fun.
And lo and behold, this
volleyball jammed my thumb,
knocked it backwards,
and it hurt really bad.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>WILLS: Holy mackerel.
>>REGINA: Oh, yeah.
I used to play volleyball.
I've had a jammed thumb.
It hurts.
>>WILLS: Yeah.
And so, I'm like going, oh!
And I had had this before,
so I knew what had happened.
It wasn't a mystery,
but I knew it was
going to hurt for a long time.
And this guy that was the
head of this organization
came over and says, god will
take that away from you.
Well, I'm busy trying
to regenerate it myself.
And I'm like, oh, really?
Jesus will.
I said, really?
He says, watch.
Puts his hands in there,
and he says, Jesus--
and starts talking to Jesus,
up in the air somewhere.
And said, uh, uh, and then,
boom, takes his hand off.
And he goes, how is it?
I was like, well,
I'll be going to hell.
It works just fine.
That's cool, that somebody
else is doing what I do.
So I wanted to stick around.
So I started using
the same words
they use, the same
phrasisms-- you
had to say things a
certain way or you
weren't part of this club.
And I joined in.
Well, before you know it,
there are people coming through
with broken this,
and injured that,
and not doing well
here or there.
And I'm just doing what I
do-- I'm just fixing them.
He gets back to the church
that was sponsoring this.
And people were going, wow, you
know, Jerry's doing miracles,
big time.
And this guy wanted to see
me, the head of the church.
So I got called to the office.
A little nervous, because I've
always liked to have long hair,
my favorite jeans
were bell-bottoms,
and my favorite music
was rock and roll.
And I always had some sort
of necklace of some sort.
At the time it was in the period
of love beads-- I liked that.
So I walk into this
office in this church.
I don't even remember
what kind of church--
it was a Methodist
church, I think.
And it has wood
everywhere, carpeted floor.
It's fancy-- books all over the
bookshelves, great big window,
and a huge desk, and this
guy that looks like somebody
important is behind it.
He stands up, shakes my hand,
and I feel really out of place,
because I'm dressed
basically like a hippie.
I liked hippies.
I thought they were cool.
So I sit down in this
pretty stiff chair.
>>REGINA: But this
is in Kentucky, where
there weren't a lot of hippies?
>>WILLS: In Kentucky.
No.
Well, there weren't any.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>WILLS: I was trying to be one.
I thought it would be fun.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
Got ya.
>>WILLS: So he proceeds to tell
me there is a lot about me,
and all these things that I've
done-- all these healings--
and they've been
watching me very closely.
And they want to send
me to seminary school.
Well, I don't know what that is.
So he explains it.
I could have plenty of money.
I would have a nice car
and beautiful women,
and I'd be very famous.
>>REGINA: It sounds
like recruitment
for college football.
>>WILLS: Mhm.
>>REGINA: Mhm.
>>WILLS: And all I had
to do was cut my hair,
put on this suit-- he had it
hanging right over there--
and wear those shoes--
get rid of the sandals,
and get rid of the love
beads, and-- well, basically
become someone else.
I couldn't drink beer anymore,
I couldn't smoke pot anymore--
not that I was smoking
it that much anyway.
I just discovered it,
I thought it was fun.
You know, 18, 19 years old.
>>REGINA: Sure.
>>WILLS: And rock and roll?
No, no more of that.
And I had to go
in to this school.
And I said, why?
He's says, well, because that's
what god wants you to do.
You were born to be a healer.
You have the gift.
And god want you
to do blah, blah.
And I said, really,
you think so?
He says, I'm certain of it.
And I said, well then, why
is it working right now,
with me doing things
the way that I am?
And you think god
will like it better
if I'm not doing these
things, and dressing
like you want me to
dress, and giving up
the things make me happy?
I had to quit smoking, too.
He says, well, that's
just how it works.
I said, I don't think
your god is the same god
that I believe in,
because my god likes me
just the way that I am.
And as soon as he
tells me in some way
that I need to change, and dress
like that, or do these things,
then I'll change.
But until then, your
god is not real to me.
Oh, he got really upset
and told me to leave.
So I did.
I went out and had a
cigarette and walked home.
>>REGINA: Now the next
decade, things kind of
got quiet for you
for a little while?
>>WILLS: They did.
>>REGINA: And you had an
extraordinary experience,
again, where this
healing thing comes in?
>>WILLS: Mhm.
>>REGINA: Well, let's
talk about that,
because that was really a
critical turning point in life.
1980?
>>WILLS: Yeah.
So I basically-- it was
difficult to be accepted,
because I could
see things be-- we
call it psychic, as
I mentioned earlier--
all these different things that
I could do were not acceptable,
and there wasn't really a
vocabulary where you can even
talk to people about it.
You talk about psychics and you
get all these hushed whispers
and so forth.
Oh, psychics, must
be of the devil.
So I just abandoned it.
Went through a marriage, got a
divorce, ended up in Phoenix,
and I basically just
shelved the whole thing.
>>REGINA: I'm just going
to be a human here.
>>WILLS: Just going
to be a human.
I don't know what
that means exactly.
I mean, holidays are so foreign
to me, and I grew up here
and they still are.
Anyway, here I am in 1980.
I have my background
in electronics,
and I'm really good.
And I'm up in the top
of this airplane hangar,
installing this
communication system.
>>REGINA: So how many feet up?
>>WILLS: I don't know,
couple hundred, maybe 150.
I really don't--
it was really high.
>>REGINA: Big, big
building, yeah.
>>WILLS: It was quite high.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>WILLS: Well anyway,
I was up there,
and because this
company I was working
for had bought cheap
materials, relays--
I wanted the ones that
cost a dollar more-- well,
they didn't spring for those,
and I put the cheap relays in,
because that's all they
would get, the relay failed.
So now I'm way up
there in these rafters,
trying to pull out
this card-- because I
have to put in a new
relay, another cheap one--
and the platform breaks,
because they had some guy build
a platform cheap.
>>REGINA: Out of
cheap materials, yeah.
>>WILLS: Uh-huh.
The only thing that wasn't
cheap was a huge steel chest
that was sitting on it.
And I fell, and the
huge steel chest fell.
And the thousands of feet of
wires that were strung out
from this chest, going to
all corners of this place,
was the only thing that
kept it from crushing me,
because this cable was
like eight inches around.
Anyway, I started falling.
And-- well, I don't know
if you want me to go
into the death part of it.
>>REGINA: Yeah, sure.
>>WILLS: Well, as I'm falling,
the next thing that happens
is that I'm no longer falling.
I am living through the
eyes of others-- the people
that I'd either been kind to
or had not been so kind to.
When you're growing
up, you do things
that are a little
shady sometimes
and wish you hadn't done them.
And in this particular
circumstance,
I was experiencing
me through the eyes,
through the heart and the
emotions of the people
that I had provided the
experience of being around me,
had provided them.
And sometimes it
wasn't pleasant.
And all the healing things that
I had missed out on, I just
regretted all times are could
have done something and I
didn't.
I regretted-- basically,
it was a lot of regret.
And then I'm just sitting--
I don't know how I'm sitting,
but I'm just floating
up in the air,
just sort of in a
sitting position,
it seemed-- looking down at
my body, there on the ground,
50 feet below me.
And a voice says, Jerry.
And I'm like, yeah?
"What are you doing here?"
Well--
[SCOFFS]
--I died.
Take a look.
"No.
You can't stay here."
Oh, I don't know.
I'm pretty dead, I think I will.
"No, you can't stay here.
You have to go back now!"
And it was like being
blown out of a cannon.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>WILLS: It was just pew!
And I'm back in my
body and I'm hurt.
>>REGINA: Ow.
Yeah.
How hurt?
>>WILLS: Very hurt.
I had a hole in my right
hand and broken this that
and the other.
>>REGINA: Spine?
>>WILLS: Oh, the
spine was messed up.
Everything was messed up.
And I was trying to breathe.
I couldn't quite breathe.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
I was going to
say, what happened
to your internal organs
with that kind of impact?
>>WILLS: No idea.
I was lying flat on my back,
remember seeing myself there.
My tennis shoes-- Kathy
says it sounds stupid,
but really, I mean, the tennis
shoes were blown off my feet.
>>REGINA: Mhm.
>>WILLS: I don't know how.
They were just, like, shredded.
So I ended up in
an ambulance, and I
have vague memories of that.
Next thing I know,
I'm in the hospital,
and they had done whatever
they do there-- X-rays, MRIs,
or whatever.
And I have this big
bandage on my hand,
I'm all strapped down to a
board, a thing around my neck,
and I'm not supposed to move.
And I'm getting more
and more conscious,
and I don't feel bad at all.
I feel pretty okey dokey.
So there's nobody around.
So I just-- well, the
nurse did come through.
She said I had a high
fever through the night.
I have no idea how
long I was there.
I think it was, like, overnight.
So I feel pretty good.
And I unwrapped my hand, I had
a little scratch on my hand.
And I just needed to
stand up and stretch.
So I took this
thing off my neck,
and cut things off
holding me down.
And I got up, and I'm
stretching and popping my neck,
and twisting.
And the doctor comes in and
just about has a heart attack.
You're going to
server your spine!
Dah, dah, dah, dah, dah.
You know, broken
this, fractured that.
I said, I don't think so.
I feel pretty good.
Off to X-ray.
So I come back.
X-rays come back eventually--
you know how long that can be,
it seems.
And there wasn't anything
broken, anything fractured.
The hole that was
through my hand
was now a scratch on my palm.
And he says, I don't
know how this can be.
No broken ribs, no broken
this, no broken that.
I don't understand
how that's possible.
We're going to keep you
here for observation.
Well, they'd cut my
clothes off of me,
so I had a friend bring my
clothes and a pack of smokes.
And I got dressed,
and I'm out of there.
They gave me a whole
bag full of painkillers,
and I just tossed
them in the garbage.
I heal fast.
>>REGINA: I think that's
an understatement.
>>WILLS: It's not the first
time I've had to heal fast.
>>REGINA: Oh, that's funny.
OK.
>>WILLS: But the
end result of that
was that I suddenly
had an awakening
moment when I was dead-- that
I'd been wasting my time.
And when they said
on the other side,
you're not supposed to be here.
You haven't even started
doing what you're
supposed to be doing yet.
I didn't know what that meant,
but I wanted to find out.
And I'd made a decision that
every moment was precious,
and that an act of
kindness is never wasted.
And it really reset
my inner compass
so that I would start living
by a different dynamic.
Because up to that
point, from the time
that I had my last contact with
ETs, and then all the things
you experience.
For lack of a better word,
the crap that you go through,
it can cause a person to
become jaded towards life.
It can give you a bad
opinion about a world.
>>REGINA: Or yourself.
>>WILLS: Or yourself.
You lose so much when you don't
really see yourself clearly,
and I think I had
to go through that.
>>REGINA: Well, it
certainly helps you
understand the plight of life
here, the experience of life.
>>WILLS: Yeah, it does.
Oh, definitely.
So I became a new person.
And as a new person, I was
now set on a new course.
I didn't know exactly
what that meant.
And at the time, I was
28-years-old, roughly.
And then things were about
to change once again.
>>REGINA: OK.
Now, where in this did you start
going to your "special cafe"?
>>WILLS: Well, that
wasn't until years later.
>>REGINA: So what
happened, right after this,
once you'd made your
mind up, that you
were going to, I suppose,
engage and be of service
in the way you had planned on.
>>WILLS: I didn't know how I
was going to be of service,
I just knew I wanted to.
>>REGINA: Mhm.
>>WILLS: And I knew that
I had these abilities.
I just neglected them,
because nobody really cared.
Now, what happened
next was a whole series
of events that had to do with
UFOs and extraterrestrials
again.
I had a dream, and a
very vivid one at that.
And in this dream,
I was told that I
was going to have to
go to this place middle
the desert to receive a gift.
And it was going to be on a
certain phase of the moon.
There were all these
obscure little details,
little data points
that-- I guess
at the time they were salient.
When I think back on it
now, it was a bit obscure.
Anyway, and lo and
behold, ended up
going into a place in the middle
the desert, quite by accident,
and receiving something.
They showed up, and they
provided me with something
from them.
And said, now, here's the
next thing for you to do.
>>REGINA: What
did they show you?
>>WILLS: They gave me an object.
It's a crystal ball.
And this object
was meant to help
me to train my
mind-- to manifest,
and to move energy, and so
forth, and also as an icon
that everything that
I'd gone through
was a real thing
that had a purpose.
So I used it and learned
how to get beyond the tool,
because ultimately you
have to become the tool.
And so I mastered that.
It took a few years, but--
>>REGINA: And what did
you gain from that?
>>WILLS: That the energy
that you're going to move
is not something you can push.
Energy, it isn't pushed.
And no matter how
hard you struggle,
it's like trying to push water,
when you're standing in water,
to make an opening so you can
get out-- it doesn't work.
Energy allows you
to merge with it.
And if you have a
direction, then you
allow it to do what it
does with your direction.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>WILLS: And that's
one of the things I
learned with that crystal ball.
>>REGINA: OK.
So now, you know how to direct
and focus and become one
with energy?
>>WILLS: Right.
>>REGINA: OK.
So you've upped your skill set.
>>WILLS: Right.
I didn't have the absolute
answers at that point.
And the next few
things that happened
had to do with
extraterrestrials more
than to do with healing
and the psychic phenomenon
end of things.
I started talking more
and more about myself,
about my experiences.
I heard people talking--
because I went to some UFO
conferences-- and I heard folks
talking about things that, you
know, who am I to
challenge anyone?
I'm not trying to
change anyone's mind.
But some of these
things they were saying
were, like, out and out wrong.
Just flat-- it's like, why would
someone even say such a thing?
That's kind of goofy.
Like for example,
about the Grays.
Oh, they're our friends.
They're here to make us do
this and do that for us.
Blah, blah, blah.
No.
I do know-- even then I
knew-- what was going on,
what the score was.
And I already had some
encounters with them.
I had already been
warned about them.
So I decided that maybe
I should say something.
Because if you
don't say something,
then you're in
agreement with them.
Same philosophy that
I mentioned earlier.
So I did.
And, well, it went from
talking to small groups
to larger groups, and
then to very large groups,
and then going all
over the world talking.
>>REGINA: Now what
year was this?
When did you start?
>>WILLS: This
was-- I don't know,
it was probably
mid-80s until the '90s.
>>REGINA: So that's when
you met our mutual contact--
>>WILLS: Yeah.
>>REGINA: --was the mid-80s?
OK.
>>WILLS: Yeah.
>>REGINA: That's
right, because that's
when I remember first
hearing about you.
>>WILLS: Yeah.
Well, then I had
created this thing
called the guardian
crystal, because the people
on the other side had
shown me these things--
the other side, not
extraterrestrials,
but in the spiritual realm.
This was like the
first incursion
into the spiritual realm.
Someone mentioned
the Akashic records,
and I'm kind of getting off
track talking about that right
now.
But I went around--
I'll get back to it
in a moment-- I went
around and did this lecture
thing all over the world,
all over the country.
And it was a lot of fun.
I met a lot of neat folks.
And once in awhile it did steer
towards the healing aspect,
and everybody was
fascinated with that.
So, end result being
that I stopped.
Because it doesn't
matter what story you're
telling, whether
it's true or false,
it doesn't matter what
details you're providing,
it's a circus.
And people are tuning into
you at these conferences
because you're entertainment
and they need some.
I didn't feel like
being entertainment.
I thought they really
wanted to know answers.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>WILLS: So I stopped.
And it was about
that time that I
decided I was going to
do something different,
because being able to see
the other side-- seeing
the other side
means more than just
looking inside of
a person's body
and seeing what's there
that might not be right.
It means seeing
ghosts, the dead,
seeing the future, or
the past, psycomotry,
prophecy, all these things.
And there wasn't any
one particular skill
set that I was working without.
It was all there.
It was just normal for me.
So I decided that I needed to
develop that within myself.
Now, at the time, I
was married to someone
who wasn't very
supportive and thought
it was all quite goofy,
a bit embarrassing.
And that was always
the thing in my life,
always-- I had to keep it
a little quiet, or else,
chastised or made fun of.
And I didn't like being made fun
of just because they're blind
and I'm not.
So I kept it sort of quiet.
But I had this-- and again
another experience-- where
I was projecting out of body.
I used to do it
quite frequently.
And this particular
time, there was
someone on the other side
that was there when I died.
And his name, I
only knew him as M--
like Mark, Matthew,
Michael, whatever.
And no, it wasn't the
Archangel Michael, or Metatron,
or whatever, but it was M.
And he says, it's time for
me to show you something.
So he took me to this place,
which was like a library.
And some people say, oh, he
went to the Akashic records.
I have no idea.
But I want to this
place and was shown
how to create
something that would
have a very beneficial effect
upon the person using it.
And it was made eons
ago, or the information
was known-- I don't
know, it's all
so vague-- but by the
guardians of the universe.
And they wanted me to
bring this into form.
So I was shown how to do it.
And I came back and told my wife
at the time, I had this dream,
and I have to make this
crystal, and it will light up.
Oh, that's really goofy.
And why would it light up?
You gonna put a
light bulb in there?
I said, no, no, there's
no light bulb in there.
It's going to light up
because of another crystal.
No one's ever done this before,
and this is how you do it.
OK, whatever you say.
So I made it.
And what I found out about
it-- from the other side,
but then on this side-- is that
it had very similar properties
to what the extraterrestrials
used in their tools.
They use light tools
as well, and they
have quite a profound effect
upon human tissue-- living
tissue, not human.
Well, this also had
the exemplary byproduct
of causing the human aura
to become eliminated.
And not just sort of like,
oh, I think I can see it,
but it's like, by
god, there it is.
It's clear and defined.
>>REGINA: So you brought
this into physical reality
in this dimension?
>>WILLS: Yeah.
And then I started selling them.
People wanted to have one.
So, OK, I'll make one.
How much is it?
I don't know.
Figure out what it costs.
Before you know it, I had
orders for hundreds of them,
and they went all
over the place.
I stopped making
them after a while,
because it was just
so hard to make.
But there's a lot of
them that were made.
And those were my
little contributions
to the people of this
world, is showing them
how to see their aura
without being able to.
>>REGINA: OK.
Now, we're out of time
already on this conversation,
but we're going to pick it up.
Because as you said, some
years later, after all of this,
you started going out
to a place that you
call The Cafe at the
Edge of the Universe--
the End of the Universe.
>>WILLS: Cafe at the
End of the Universe.
>>REGINA: And from there,
lots of knowledge was given.
And in our second
conversation, that's
what we're going to focus on.
>>WILLS: Sounds like fun.
>>REGINA: It does.
I'm having fun so far.
So in our next
conversation, Jerry's
going to share
some of what he was
given by the "others,"
which is the basis
for his ongoing classes.
It's a hands-on
approach to mastering
your energy, your body,
your life, and your world.
To check into Jerry's work,
you can go to jerrywills.com.
Until next time, thank you for
joining us here on GaiamTV.
[MUSIC PLAYING]